---
title: Platform Management 6.0.0 release notes
linkTitle: Platform Management 6.0.0 release notes
description: ADD A DESCRIPTION
weight: 200
date: 2019-03-30
Hide_readingtime: true
---

Dashboard 6.0.0 - 30 March 2019

Dashboard 6.0.0 is a major release, which includes new features, improvements, and several bug fixes.

New features

* Authentication is now shared between more {{% variables/platform_prod_name %}} services and features. The revised login experience will now redirect users to login.axway.com to begin an authentication flow.
* {{% variables/platform_prod_name %}} Home has a new look and new products.  Organization administrators may request a feature trial in the new Application Integration product.
* Introduced Appcelerator Crash Analytics general availability for organizations with Enterprise App Builder subscriptions.
* Organizations with expired trials periods or subscriptions will now continue to have access to {{% variables/platform_prod_name %}} in order to request feature trials in other {{% variables/platform_prod_name %}} products.
* Introduced new Consumer role for use with Amplify Catalog.
* Initial access to platform.axway.com will redirect users to a new landing page.
* Custom branding can be applied to an organization's header and Amplify Catalog page.
* The Axway Labs section of {{% variables/platform_prod_name %}} Home has been removed.
* Changes to a user email address are temporarily disabled.

Improvements

* Added Application Name to Custom Query builder fields.
* Revised content and layout of common header.
* Restored organization search and improved keyboard navigability for the common header.
* Credential changes are now performed on a separate view from user information.
* Improved content and formatting of user change email notifications.
* Custom Queries can now be directly linked or bookmarked.
* Changed Mobile Backend Services data table details to stacked layouts.
* Updated {{% variables/apibuilder_prod_name %}} Getting Started Guide, About, and Developer Guide links to point to {{% variables/apibuilder_prod_name %}} Standalone v4.0.0 documentation.
* Improved the Platform Terms of Use acceptance during user activation.

Fixed issues

* Resolved an issue where the Mobile Backend Services Analytics did not properly update based on the selected API.
* Resolved an issue where Custom Query builder may not have shown all known events.
* Resolved an issue where Custom Query builder widgets were not calculating Average Session Length queries properly.
* Resolved the issue where some feature events with punctuation were not being displayed in the App Analytics Events page.
